hey everybody welcome back to normal and
please Binding of Isaac after birth plus
what's the plus the pluses for me
because I hey it's it's plus the
indomitable spirit of northernlion as he
tries to knock out something with
apollyon and really on this run we can
do just about freaking anything for kpy
3 trusts 3 truck you know what they say
three trade charm you know what my dream
novel is I think and then I literally
just came up with this right now so it
might actually be a really stupid idea
like you ever meet somebody who's they
come up with an idea right on the top of
their head and then they become so
protective of it despite having no
rigorous analysis because they think
it's genius I think the answer to that
question should be yes like I'm gonna be
honest with you you know sometimes
someone on the NL SS will bring up a an
idea they'll be like oh we should make a
game that's like this and I put on my
you know extremely like oh I know how to
write hello world face and ideas are
worthless but I got an app idea in my
head that I think is like a 10 out of 10
or no I'm not going to tell you what it
is because I'm a hypocrite and because I
think I do possess the skills to make it
I just need to get off my butt and I
told some people about it and they were
like that's stupid it can't be done and
I was like you'll all see you all lack
vision but wait until you see this but
now my dream book let's be honest my
dream audio book because I I like
reading I don't do it as much as I
should but I've been taking a lot of
walks recently I like the concept of an
audiobook I love the concept of Jacob's
Ladder as well here not the book Jacob's
Ladder which as I understand it is a
psychological horror deep dive into the
darkest parts of man's psyche but either
way what about a book that analyzes
idioms like third time's a charm and
then provides actual data or at least
interviews with academic professionals
to determine and analyze whether or not
that idiom is true because it was
thinking you know there might be like a
mental
andhe never reason for why third time's
the charm a I mean it might be
completely you know myth-busting right
but it might actually make sense maybe
you know the first time the human brain
you know it can handle it goes all I
don't understand there's too much
novelty here I think there's only one
possible a a few possible locations for
the secret room but not many but let's
go to our shop instead actually you
might be able to get something in there
the first time you're like I don't know
all the factors I mean the second time
you build on what you learned on the
third the first time and then the third
time you got enough information to
potentially succeed you know I wouldn't
be surprised if third time's a charm it
turns out to actually be fairly I'm not
going to say always correct but if it
turns out to have some value behind it
same thing with beginner's luck you know
I think that despite them seeming at
odds with one another I do think that
beginner's luck might have like a mild
wait isn't it is like a super tinted
rock there you see the X on that right I
see the X on it at least and if I'm
seeing things that nobody else is seeing
I'm either in trouble or you're all in a
great deal of trouble so I haven't been
known as the most observant player in
this game I think was beginner's luck
like you ever get like just good enough
at a fighting game to be mad but not
good enough to actually beat other good
players that's like my perfect example
of beginner's luck because you play like
you know 30 hours of Street Fighter and
then your friend comes over and you're
like hey let's play this it'll be fun
really I just want to excuse to stop you
though and then be self righteous like
you'll bro you should have practice
before you dude would you want to just
be handed a victory do you want to have
fun without any suffering sorry that's
not allowed anyway and then you just
beats you by like basically mashing
buttons and just spamming low kick over
and over or something like that that's
my perfect example of beginner's luck
they don't know what to focus on and as
a result they can sometimes focus on oh
Jesus that actually could have killed me
that was the perfect storm if I was
standing like just slightly below it
luckily I wasn't but still
anyway I digress here that's that's my
dream audio book I'm not saying you
should write it you know I guess you
write an audio book and then it becomes
a book and then if it sells well
probably your email inbox fills up with
people that will just read the audio
book for you and then like submit it to
audible and only take like 95 percent of
your sales I'm not suggesting you should
do it first off you got to be qualified
I'm not suggesting that you're an
unqualified lot watching these that was
a really good voice actually we got to
basically be equivalent in two tiers
upgrade but you know I just you can't
just be like I've got a good idea for a
for a book that's nonfiction I'm gonna
write it you know you got to do the
research first secondly I don't know
about the the whole book industry these
days if you wrote like ready player to
you might be okay but I don't know about
this this is incredibly precious book
that's like algorithms to live by which
I mentioned reading a couple of times
recently but but for like the English
language I don't know an analysis of
idioms you got to come up with a good
title for it if the first thing would be
like you know don't throw the baby out
with the bathwater under analysis of
idioms in the English language for you
got to throw something at the end there
like for cool kids so hey I I don't
understand book titles to some extent
like I'm looking to learn JavaScript
okay I will accept no dissent on this
people I know people are going to have
opinions it doesn't matter okay I'm
looking to learn JavaScript so at Google
that was like best JavaScript book for
people who know how to program at least
a little bit but don't know any
JavaScript and then one of the
suggestions that came up was this book
called
JavaScript the good parts and then I
went to the Kindle Store please don't
have enemies in here thank you I went to
the Kindle Store on Amazon and they
didn't have JavaScript the good parts
but what they had is no spirit hearts
huh-uh here upon oh he's done it genuine
excitement what they had was JavaScript
the good parts :
good parts as like am I really gonna pay
you $28 for this book the answer 28
Canadian dollars admittedly which you
know the dollars coming back up it used
to be Oh what is that look for American
dollars yeah it used to be like pretty
the exchange rate for like at least the
past two years have been pretty bad but
it's coming back we're not quite at par
yet but honestly the I like it when the
Canadian dollars well when it calls me
Big Poppa for one but I like it when the
Canadian dollar is bad because it makes
me essentially like get a huge raise for
no reason despite working the exact same
amount and probably if anything growing
more talentless by the day hey making my
skills worse so the answer is yes I did
buy JavaScript the good parts : the good
parts I I think it might just be an
error in the way that that book is
titled
and then I read like a hundred pages of
it and I was like oh wait you've got a
it's not particularly good there you got
to know HTML and CSS to learn JavaScript
now it's like I started on that not that
this is like northern liens you know
daily vlog of how free code camp is
going but the answer is swimmingly
because the first leg part of that is
extremely easy but anyway let's move on
here dude I got to level with you we
have such an Isaac backlog right now
because for years I've been I built up
the habit of recording enough Isaac to
build a backlog while sustaining to
three or four videos per day of Isaac
exclusively now that we're down to one
Isaac video a day I can put in like a
half a workday once a week and that's
enough Isaac for that week and it's I'm
accidentally working way too much
specifically with respect to Isaac and
now I'm realizing you know if I'd
reprioritize that time let's look as can
come back you know more random streams
can come back it's taken me a while to
adjust to this and it hasn't been like
you know two years of one a day Isaac to
learn this wow you are so lucky with
your
with your placements there but still
it's been an adjustment period all you
got it and then you just suck that up
and it seemed pretty good I do really
really want to get I hate this really
really want to get a zigga zagga ah that
is our second secret room but you know I
really want to get into that second
secret room is what I was going to say
and then the other thing that I was
suggesting oh it was totally worth it
despite being very scary let's get the
heck out of here um is that it's nice
you know
I've built up again these habits that
I've lived my life by it's like I got
used to eating a Big Mac every single
day and now I'm over here like having
you know garbanzo bean salads for lunch
takes me a while to figure out you know
to adjust to get homeostatic with that
if that makes sense but I'm hopeful that
you know what we're doing one Isaac
video a day I think it's going to
accomplish especially with the new save
files can accomplish a couple of things
ideally for me one is allows me to you
know reintroduce more variety to the
channel which i think is important
something the channels in a bad state
but people are like you know it'd be
nice to have more variety I am an idiot
there and and I don't disagree with you
hey it ended up being it may be a wash
but that's fine
and the other thing is that it kind of
like concentrates the Isaac you know
it's let's use a Kerbal space program
analogy there might be like a little bit
of evergreen fuel for The Binding of
Isaac like people who will always either
like watching the game because they love
the game or like watching the game
because they like what it does to my
commentary goes off in a non sequiturs
you know it's kind of like a vlog
without the B part you know what I mean
and that's cool I like that but you know
I don't want to I don't want to burn it
all up I think I got a lot of tweets in
particular from people that are like I
stopped watching Isaac completely but
you know now that there's a new save
file and only one episode a day it seems
easier to kind of stick with it and make
it part of the routine I understand that
you know if you go away of a bee you
pride yourself you're the kind of person
who like needs to see every single
episode of something in order to feel
like you're up on it
well you know if you go away for a
vacation for like four days and there
are four Isaac videos a day that's like
16 hours of I have to catch up on I
think we should take this in this case
that's that's tough doesn't does not an
easy job I mean from an employment
standpoint is kind of an easy job just
have it on in the background while you
you know do other stuff but it's it's a
gargantuan task is what I should be
saying this is a little bit more on that
the same side which i think is important
but regardless I'm moving along here I
have a unique phenomenon in my life and
I'm not suggesting that I'm you know
some kind of special person here but I
am constantly paranoid of the well you
got speeding shot feet and tears so it's
pretty good about the weirdest stuff and
I'm going to give you a specific example
so you don't think that I've completely
lost my mind
we whenever we talk about this year's
PAX East on the N LSS one of the
recurring themes is and I'm sorry if
you're from Boston for multiple reasons
so I gotta say I'm a Canucks fan so like
you got the last laugh but let me have a
couple of low blows here right is the
quality of service in Boston was a
little bit lacking from our perspective
and some people have told us yeah I've
been to Boston the servers were jerks
and some people have told us hey you
guys are picky and I'm like oh we found
the person from Boston but because we've
railed on that so much I now find myself
being extraordinarily polite at
restaurants and this came to a head last
night because I worry that the person
serving me it's probably a
low-percentage chance but that they
might be familiar with my work and just
not letting on you know because of
professional decorum or whatever and
they're going to be like a hyper alert
of the idea that you know I
they might think that I'm rude the
service staff so I am like on my best
behavior like we had a server last night
and I'm just going to be honest he
looked like my people you know I I have
a demographic I can see that data
there's a very cosmopolitan
cross-section of people who watch me but
you know they are largely between the
ages of eighteen and thirty and to some
extent you know like thirty to forty on
top of that but largely eighteen to
thirty or lying about their age and in
the YouTube accounts two things I guess
they're largely male like ninety-one
percent male or something like that and
I think you know I'm making inferences
but you got to be a certain kind of
person to watch this sort of content
that I make like I'm definitely not the
kind of guy who's like you know top five
sweet low rides uh we don't want to suck
this up unfortunately I'm going to stick
with this even though it celebrities
lovely I make content that is meandering
and I mean that is a negative
verbose a little bit esoteric abstract I
mean those as positives irreverent and I
think oftentimes they manifest when
someone's physical appearance although
not always you know you look like I'm
just being straight out here you look
like a college student and I'd you know
that's my people I think we can pick
this up and get one tiers upgrade out of
it at least
sweet and we're kind of rushing here so
let's slow down and go to our cursed
room I think we can afford it now not to
mention you know donate on our shop
maybe a little bit and he was like hi my
name is um Drax I obviously named move
for his privacy and I'll be your server
like the first person who came to take
your orders like going off for the night
so we'll the let's get it sorted and he
was kind of like he was making confident
eye contact with me and that's not weird
that's not unusual and I think you know
a prouder man might think that you know
he was trying to come on to me that is
not the expectation that I had in the
least because I'm aware of myself
what are we nothing oh we got the pill
right yeah this was like super not worth
it but let's donate some money I don't
really care about an arcade at this
point and I was like oh my litter Li the
first thought that came to my head I
mean just so happen to be the best song
in the world it was the best song in the
world but it also happened to be this
guy watches the NL SS and he's going to
be looking for a reason to judge me so
every time he come back and be like you
know
hey how's everything going and I'd be
like it's fantastic tracks I'm probably
laying it on a little thick how's the
food so far it's amazing it was all
right you know what can I get you
anything no just your wonderful
hospitality has been it's meant the
world to us Drax now he probably thought
I was coming on to him I don't want the
two of hearts uh save half a spear at
our we don't need the emperor card we
can find another teleport card
potentially on the next floor but I live
my constant life or my life constantly I
should say in fear of being just famous
enough to be ruined I suppose is the
distillation of that the idea that
nobody knows who I am on mass like I
walk around very anonymously because I'm
essentially a nobody
in downtown Vancouver but if I was
really mean to somebody at a coffee shop
that's we could still blow up it
entitled YouTube star doesn't say thank
you enough times when he gets his donut
from the hard-working class all yell I
always Lou they were entitled but this
is ridiculous
like I'm constantly I wouldn't say
paranoid and it depends who I'm
interacting with and it may be this is
not fair and a little judgmental of me
but if I'm interacting with like you
know someone that's in their 60s I'm
like there's a very very low percentage
chance that
you have any idea of who I am and that
means we can interact on the level and I
can be my true self it hey old man give
me a honey cruller you piece of cover
fish salad that's how I talk to people
on a regular basis mostly because I'm
just so you know low blood sugar I need
that honey cruller ASAP you losing me my
jury if I'm interacting with somebody I
don't know you just kind of see
something in their eyes sometimes I'm
like this guy or this girl knows so much
more about me than I know about them
like the playing field is not level like
you've you've heard my darkest fears and
admissions and embarrassing stories and
then I meet you and you know I just see
it in your eyes that you're more aware
of the of me than I am of you and it I'm
like I got to be particularly nice here
or this could all go wrong sure I'll
take dark matter
we've got 12 damaged things are looking
great I don't love many of these items
right off the bat I think we should just
suck them all up that was a surprisingly
like not that valuable suck there we got
like a little damage shot speed
essentially like completely irrelevant
okay I'm asking this question from an
honest standpoint okay how do you walk
what are the rules of the sidewalk the
same as the rules of the road because
I've I've been going through this you
know for years I'm a fast Walker I'm not
the fastest Walker I have walked with
people who walk faster than me and I
find it unpleasant wow it didn't even
raise our tier rate
I have watched with people who walk
faster than me a fire walked with people
and I you know but you're like I kind of
get it because your natural walking
speed is that fast and actually I still
think
barring any sort of like physical
ailment that precludes you from walking
it quickly it's actually like more work
to slow down than it is to speed up to
match their place but nothing I get
rattled dude when I walk on the sidewalk
and in North America or in I won't speak
for all North America because I've never
been to like Barbados but in in Canada
you drive on the right side of the road
so I always walk on the right side of
the road I walk on the right side of the
sidewalk I should say in if there's
people coming in the opposite direction
I always expect them to be walking on
the right side of the road and in that
way we'll never collide because we're
walking on different sizes we're facing
different directions but I'm not sure if
it's happening more regularly or if I'm
just you know hyper focused and in tune
to observe things that I can talk about
on the NL SS many many times recently
I'm walking on the right side of the
road person coming at me walking on the
left side of the road we're on a
collision course I maybe I'm petty here
I don't move I'm on the right side of
the road near collisions and I'm these
are people because I mean if I wanted to
be extremely like Millennials are
killing the walking industry boys see I
be like oh they're always looking at
their cell phone playing Digimon goalie
whatever no but these are people that
are like just walking now looking at
their cell phone I don't understand like
maybe it says something about me my
first reaction is like are you from
England are you from England you just
haven't adjusted that's what's weird
about being in Japan is that like they
would they walk in in Tokyo they walk on
I can't remember which which ones which
now but I'm pretty sure in Tokyo they
walk on the left side of the street and
then they you know stand on the right
side this is for like escalators
and then in Osaka they're just like now
we do it the opposite way here for no
reason
that's like 20% of me being in Japan is
adjusting to what side of the street to
walk on so I don't feel like I'm being a
stick-in-the-mud for the people who live
there and I'm in my city people are
walking on the wrong side the road but
am I wrong to not get out of the way
someone's got to get out of the way or
we're going to collide if it comes down
to like the final second I'll get out of
the way because I'm not going to bump
into a stranger on the street to prove a
point you know I have better things to
do with my time not not many better
things to do with my time I mean again
the Isaac backlog is getting pretty long
here I got better things to do with my
time so I don't know if it's like
they're trying to like convert I think
we should just take it that we should
give us a it didn't give us a tears
upgrade but we broke the cap we needed
the HP regardless I thought that we
needed the HP in advance of the deal
with the devil anyway we'll get a deal
with the devil next floor to get back to
permanent polaroid invincibility
either way we probably want to do the
hush fight really because we can knock
it out on this run are they trying to
like make us a left walking country is
all that's I stepped on the button I'm
just saying
or is it is it like an ego thing because
I'm just going to be honest with you
I've made a lot of sweeping
generalizations about you know age and
gender over the course of this video why
stop now if I'm walking on the sidewalk
and coming the other way is like young
20s dude with an affliction shirt and he
refuses to get out of the way I'll take
it I I do think that that's kind of like
a you know that guy's like check it out
dude I just totally like turn that guy
into a beta like I'm fine with that
whatever you think you'd turn me into a
beta I'm a married man
what do you doing getting your Honda
Civic that's got a freaking you know the
Shocker symbol on the back two in the
pink one of the sink bro by the way does
anyone know what the pink looks like
because I've never seen it either way I
don't know why that has to be a surfer
bro that says something about my my
innate biases I suppose
and that's that's fine you know that's
life life is that you there will always
be dudes try to you know give you like a
super strong handshake because they
think that it makes them like a bigger
man it might seem like I'm basing that
off of recent politics but I not known
many people like that in my day you know
firm and shake is one thing a handshake
that becomes a dominant game is some
like door to door vacuum cleaner
salesman madness in my opinion either
way some uncle Rico garbage okay I may
die here just from walking on nonsense
so how about we just don't instead I
gotta focus this isn't how I go okay
yeah yeah war you're doing a great job
buddy that was the most important dodge
of our lives so I'm going to go ahead
and say we're not going to go to the
hospital right run for it dude we could
accidentally end up not accomplishing
anything on this run I actually just
realized we totally should have done
boss rush because we haven't as apollyon
so we kind of I think we whipped on a
run that could have been a little bit
more special here too pheromones huh
should be looking for secret rooms what
was they even talking about but if it's
like you know a thirty year old lady
just walking in the other direction I
don't think she's trying to like exert a
level of dominance over me maybe that's
maybe that's naive of me I honestly
don't know I don't understand the whole
walk it maybe they're just you know lost
in their head you know people have other
things to worry about rather than you
know whether they're following the
correct walking etiquette on the street
and it says something about how shelter
to life I've led that as I walk down the
street my number one concern is uh you
know am i fulfilling the rules of
society correctly you know other people
have got you know
various other things to worry about I
suppose I don't know what we want the
money for maybe we can get lucky penny
out of it I don't think there's a reason
to do or not to do another floor the
real question is do we want to do more
rooms or do we want to do less rooms and
I think the less rooms until the chest
is probably the safest bet for us right
now well you know how it is dude you
make everybody makes assumptions based
on people correct or incorrect about
various factors like if I could I told
that story recently about the time that
you know Kate was driving just after we
got our car and she meant to make us or
she went to make a safe lane change and
then that like douchebag middle-aged guy
cut her off and did like the finger wag
you make assumptions about that guy
based on his age you know you would
assume that anybody who did that would
be an asshole but because it was like a
50 year old your first assumption is
like wow that dude does tiny schlong and
it's not getting the attention that he
feels it deserves because he's taking it
out on other people in his life for
better or worse if we've got lots of
stuff here if I looked over and it was a
20 year old doing that I would be like
this guy just got done watching the UFC
I'm not trying to suggest that watching
the UFC makes you a meathead not at all
I think there's a lot of you know this
is not even me being facetious even
though it's going to sound like it
there's a lot of like intelligence and
strategy that goes on in that sport but
you get all hopped up on that you know
Brock Lesnar action just want to choke
somebody out in the highway I think I've
been there we me and my friends uh watch
jackass three and theaters we left the
theater one of my friends you know
thought he was johnny Knoxville he
jumped on my back in the middle of the
the street I just crumbled like I was
made out of like you know hot aluminum
cans what a strange metaphor to use so
simile a metaphor doesn't use like or as
you know what I mean right
messed up my I came to remember would
have messed up but it my back didn't
feel right they're like three weeks but
then I bounced back because I was 20 we
still could die
I think we've played pretty well but we
are guilty of doing what I always do on
these runs and that's going way too deep
and trying to keep all the blood in my
head instead of the win on their game I
know I'm getting a little bit older
because the songs I liked when I was 13
are now on the radio and like the radio
station in Vancouver that we listened to
as a compromise is well you're like if
I'm in the car by myself Bluetooth on
contraband the best of men at work you
know doesn't get to sleep but for both
in the car business radio station they
do like a two-two nude one old sort of
set up can't do it anyway so we're done
so I always like in the news section I'm
like I don't know the song I don't know
the song but as Bruno Mars and I find a
mastaba so I like it and then you know
the in the nostalgic song I'm like this
is the jam this is a bang anyway thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
how's that a great deal and of course
subscribe you guys want to see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time